Tell me guys, I'm Henrique.
here doing this radio promotion
It's really cool
I hope you like that place
huh
the course of only is more or less so
Radio rapid improvement of the sinsemd
old hotel radio rapid the best without the
Brother puts us looks the day old
always lots of fun can lift the
hand of failure with the show hand is only
starting 2011 6 little to show the door
Manno, and you called me speaking the best.
habbo hotel radio and the competition will
The improvement of 50 is absurd.
the best in audience content speakers
It's all beautiful listener who has sadness
besides new russomanno we also have in the
view and there is always active promotion until
of a perfect qualified radio and
content in the day with several
but it only connects in rap
henrique pj, this time is running out
but do not forget the partner in order to cef
dot com br
It's a fuck to hear just a fake when I
started
two 36 and that was the never stopped i'm
here firm cost in the prosecution I never
I won but God willing I won
without exaggeration, we will use it
Brazilian's badger and I never
said that I am a man to do this
promotion to prove it just to remember
I can not stop thanking God for
to have given me the proceeding also to thank
ht team for this promotion if I
win can grow if I do not win
It's okay, I'm without them, but I'm
need and need your coins
It seems funny but I suffered damage.
or n all possession are more than zac efron
what a kanu it's funny, right now
end the victim and radio reminder ran
bid for the best arrangement, yes, the
old hotel where the rapid